>> Speaker 1: Could you explain the plus
sign in front of
eventTargetDataSetIndex again?
>> Brian Holt: When you get back
something from the data set,
it's gonna be a string, right?
Like a string five.
And I need it to be a number,
not a string, right?
So if I put +string5.
I get back the actual number of five.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, so
of course, it's an integer.
>> Brian Holt: A number, yeah.
So you could have also
just said parseInt("5",10)
which just means you want
it to be in base ten.
And that would give you
the same thing as well.
But plus signs is far less work, so.
Very well there might be something
like this, stop buying this here.
So.
>> Speaker 3: And
then adding index to that call.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, and you could have
done this as well right, for sure and
then not had the data set here.
>> Brian Holt: So then this would have
had worked like this instead of getting
an event.
>> Brian Holt: There would have
been an index like this and
then you would've just been calling index.
>> Brian Holt: Yes, this works.
So let me tell you why people have
historically not done this, and
then I'll tell you why that's silly
that people haven't done it this way.
>> Brian Holt: So this does work.
People did not used to do this,
because this calling bind used
to be very expensive, far more expensive
than you would have ever expected.
It used to be one of the slowest
things you could do in Chrome.
Now about two years ago, Chrome fixed
this and made dot bind much faster.
But why is this different from
doing it in the constructor?
This is different because every time I
call render, this is calling bind, right?
And if that was really so
that means you slow down your renders,
which means that you're slowing down the
performance of your entire application.
So people have established the best
practice of, don't do it this way.
But the good news is, they fixed it.
It is much faster now.
And so this does actually work okay, but
we still have to deal with old browsers
and so in old browsers,
this is still really slow.
So it works and it's slow,
it's creating and
destroying functions every single time.
That you run this,
which hooks do now anyway.
So I'm not really too sure if
that's a big deal anymore.
But the real answer to that question is
the dot bind ends up being expensive.